README.md, before:

## Browser Storage


[`BrowserStorage.js`][relative_link__browser_storage] is a client side JavaScript wrapper for `localStorage` and `document.cookie` interactions.


------


#### Table of Contents


- [Requirements](#requirements)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Security](#security)
- [Privacy](#privacy)
- [Support](#support)
- [License](#license)


> See the [`gh-pages`][branch__gh-pages] branch for example usage and code, which builds the live [demo hosted][live_demo] on GitHub Pages.


------


## Requirements


Understand that this project is intended for storing data within a client's browser that the same browser may consider re-using latter, eg. a preferred `title` that selects the `alternate stylesheet` for all project pages, or perhaps difficulty level for a browser powered arcade, and not for anything server-side.


The GitHub Pages hosting [help article][help_github_pages__submodules] states that one may use submodules pointing to any **public** GitHub tracked repository, this repository **is** public thus including the code of this project within your own is relatively painless by following the [Installation](#installation) portion of this `readme` file.


For the time being, hosting elsewhere is outside the scope of this `readme` file, but [_`git hooks`_][git_book__hooks] may be a helpful topic to research if hosting on a Virtual Private Server or other web hosts that allow for _post-push automation_. And setting _`cookie-free`_ as discussed on [ServerFault]((https://serverfault.com/questions/78227/what-is-a-cookie-free-domain)) probably would be a _good idea_ too.


## Installation


Add the HTTPS `clone` URL to _`your-project`'s_ `.gitmodules` file...


```bash
cd your-project

_url='https://github.com/javascript-utilities/browser-storage.git'
_dir='javascript-modules/browser-storage'
## Note, for GitHub Pages utilizing Jekyll builds using
##  the `assets` directory is generally recommended
# _dir='assets/javascript-modules/browser-storage'

git submodule add -b master "${_url}" "${_dir}"
```


> Note, GitHub Pages **requires** the use of `https` links to make use of repositories within a `.gitmodules` file.
>
> And older versions of `git` may require the following to populate `${_dir}`...


```bash
git submodule update --init --recursive
```


Check that something similar to the following results from `git status`...


```git
On branch gh-pages

Initial commit

Changes to be committed:
  (use "git rm --cached <file>..." to unstage)

	new file:   .gitmodules
	new file:   javascript-modules/browser-storage
```


... `commit` and `push` these changes then notify anyone contributing to your project that...


```bash
git submodule update --init --recursive
git submodule update --merge
```


... commands may be useful for updating.


> Tip, those that make a fresh `clone` of your project may use...


```bash
git clone --recurse-submodules <your-repositorys-url>
```


> ... to set-up all the various submodules that your project utilizes.


> Note, if at any point in the future `git submodule foreach git status` reports a detached `HEAD`, and that is somehow bothersome then try...


```bash
cd javascript-modules/browser-storage
git checkout master
git pull
```


> ... to re-attach the submodule's `HEAD` once again.


##  Security


Values returned by the `get(key)` method are filtered through `encodeURIComponent`, however :warning:, this should **not** be considered _trusted_ input or fully _sanitized_; those utilizing code from this project should still use caution when handling returned values. Additionally any given `value` saved within a browser should be of a `string`, `float`/`integer`, or `boolean` type, and strings _should_ be simple such as _IDs_ or similar for _downstream_ JavaScript to look-up.


By default other sub-domains do **not** have access to data handled by `BrowserStorage`, those utilizing code from this project are encouraged to keep it that way as there are good reasons for browsers behaving like that. Projects under the same sub-domain _should_ have access to `BrowserStorage`, meaning that those utilizing code from this project may do so within multiple projects under the same GitHub account or or organization name and access client settings with client-side JavaScript; all in all allowing for theming and other configurations to be seamlessly consistent across an organization or account sub-domain without any server-side data bases or scripting.


## Privacy


Cookies are only used if a browser does not have `localStorage` available, because it is the intention of this project to be accessible on _most_ devices while preferably using storage options that do not easily _leak_ client preferences. In most cases this means hosting static content generally does not require client data to be stored on a server thus each client becomes the owner of their own data.


When cookies are used, `key` `value` pares are set within browser storage with the `path=/` parameter to mitigate risks of other sites reading client stored data. Unfortunately most browsers by default will send cookies on **every** request to a matching sub-domain, meaning that interception and/or logging _could_ be taking place by server administrators. Site administrators are encouraged to set _`cookie-free`_ to notify browsers to stop this behavior on servers that only serve static content similar to GitHub Pages.


When `localStorage` is available **no** data is sent back to the server by default. For static sites, such as those hosted by GitHub Pages, this means that no data about client preferences are stored anywhere other than on the respective browser. By default the code of this project does **not** send any data anywhere otherwise, and generally project authors using code from this project do **not** have server-side access to any data stored by the `BrowserStorage` class.


That all stated it is possible that browser stored data could be transmitted by another script to third parties, so those utilizing code from this project are encouraged to **not** store anything of a sensitive and/or private nature.


## Support


Open a new _`Issue`_ (or up-vote currently opened <sub>[![Issues][badge__issues]][relative_link__issues]</sub> if similar) to report bugs and/or make feature requests a higher priority for project maintainers. Submit _`Pull Requests`_ after _`Forking`_ this repository to add features or fix bugs, and be counted among this project's <sub>[![Members][badge__contributors]][relative_link__members]</sub>


> See GitHub's documentation on [Forking][help_fork] and issuing [Pull Requests][help_pull_request] if these are new terms.
>
> Please check the chapter regarding [submodules][git_book__submodules] from the Git book prior to opening issues regarding submodule _trouble-shooting_


Supporting projects like this one through <sub>[![Liberapay][badge__liberapay]][liberapay_donate]</sub> or via Bitcoin <sub>[![BTC][badge__bitcoin]][btc]</sub> is most welcomed, and encourages the continued development of projects like these.


## License


```
Browser Storage documentation on a submodule for Git tracked web sites
Copyright (C) 2019  S0AndS0

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as published
by the Free Software Foundation; version 3 of the License.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU Affero General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
```



[help_fork]: https://help.github.com/en/articles/fork-a-repo
[help_pull_request]: https://help.github.com/en/articles/about-pull-requests
[help_github_pages__submodules]: https://help.github.com/en/articles/using-submodules-with-pages

[git_book__submodules]: https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Tools-Submodules
[git_book__hooks]: https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Customizing-Git-Git-Hooks


[relative_link__issues]: issues
[relative_link__members]: network/members
[relative_link__browser_storage]: BrowserStorage.js

[branch__gh-pages]: https://github.com/javascript-utilities/browser-storage/tree/gh-pages

[live_demo]: https://javascript-utilities.github.io/browser-storage/index.html


[badge__issues]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/javascript-utilities/browser-storage.svg
[badge__contributors]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/javascript-utilities/browser-storage.svg?color=005571&label=Contributors

[badge__liberapay]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Liberapay-gray.svg?logo=liberapay
[badge__bitcoin]: https://img.shields.io/badge/1Dr9KYZz9jkUea5xTxeGyScu7AwC4MwR5c-gray.svg?logo=bitcoin


[liberapay_donate]: https://liberapay.com/javascript-utilities/donate
[btc]: https://www.blockchain.com/btc/address/1Dr9KYZz9jkUea5xTxeGyScu7AwC4MwR5c

Commit message:

:art: JavaScript formatting and minor code corrections
**Edits**

`BrowserStorage.js` file;

- corrections to tabbing and spacing

- also focusing on returning a bit quicker

- throwing more errors to method callers when browsers do not support 
storage options

`README.md` file, removed content, badges, and links that will soon be 
redundant

README.md, after:

## Browser Storage


[`BrowserStorage.js`][relative_link__browser_storage] is a client side JavaScript wrapper for `localStorage` and `document.cookie` interactions.


------

<sub>[![Issues][badge__issues]][relative_link__issues]</sub> <sub>[![Contributors][badge__contributors]][relative_link__members]</sub>


#### Table of Contents


- [Requirements](#requirements)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Security](#security)
- [Privacy](#privacy)
- [License](#license)


> See the [`gh-pages`][branch__gh-pages] branch for example usage and code, which builds the live [demo hosted][live_demo] on GitHub Pages.
>
> See the [Organization Support][organization_defaults__support] for guidelines on contributing to code maintained by this organization and/or supporting those that do.


------


## Requirements


Understand that this project is intended for storing data within a client's browser that the same browser may consider re-using latter, eg. a preferred `title` that selects the `alternate stylesheet` for all project pages, or perhaps difficulty level for a browser powered arcade, and not for anything server-side.


The GitHub Pages hosting [help article][help_github_pages__submodules] states that one may use submodules pointing to any **public** GitHub tracked repository, this repository **is** public thus including the code of this project within your own is relatively painless by following the [Installation](#installation) portion of this `readme` file.


For the time being, hosting elsewhere is outside the scope of this `readme` file, but [_`git hooks`_][git_book__hooks] may be a helpful topic to research if hosting on a Virtual Private Server or other web hosts that allow for _post-push automation_. And setting _`cookie-free`_ as discussed on [ServerFault]((https://serverfault.com/questions/78227/what-is-a-cookie-free-domain)) probably would be a _good idea_ too.


## Installation


Add the HTTPS `clone` URL to _`your-project`'s_ `.gitmodules` file...


```bash
cd your-project

_url='https://github.com/javascript-utilities/browser-storage.git'
_dir='javascript-modules/browser-storage'
## Note, for GitHub Pages utilizing Jekyll builds using
##  the `assets` directory is generally recommended
# _dir='assets/javascript-modules/browser-storage'

git submodule add -b master "${_url}" "${_dir}"
```


> Note, GitHub Pages **requires** the use of `https` links to make use of repositories within a `.gitmodules` file.
>
> And older versions of `git` may require the following to populate `${_dir}`...


```bash
git submodule update --init --recursive
```


Check that something similar to the following results from `git status`...


```git
On branch gh-pages

Initial commit

Changes to be committed:
  (use "git rm --cached <file>..." to unstage)

	new file:   .gitmodules
	new file:   javascript-modules/browser-storage
```


... `commit` and `push` these changes then notify anyone contributing to your project that...


```bash
git submodule update --init --recursive
git submodule update --merge
```


... commands may be useful for updating.


> Tip, those that make a fresh `clone` of your project may use...


```bash
git clone --recurse-submodules <your-repositorys-url>
```


> ... to set-up all the various submodules that your project utilizes.


> Note, if at any point in the future `git submodule foreach git status` reports a detached `HEAD`, and that is somehow bothersome then try...


```bash
cd javascript-modules/browser-storage
git checkout master
git pull
```


> ... to re-attach the submodule's `HEAD` once again.


##  Security


Values returned by the `get(key)` method are filtered through `encodeURIComponent`, however :warning:, this should **not** be considered _trusted_ input or fully _sanitized_; those utilizing code from this project should still use caution when handling returned values. Additionally any given `value` saved within a browser should be of a `string`, `float`/`integer`, or `boolean` type, and strings _should_ be simple such as _IDs_ or similar for _downstream_ JavaScript to look-up.


By default other sub-domains do **not** have access to data handled by `BrowserStorage`, those utilizing code from this project are encouraged to keep it that way as there are good reasons for browsers behaving like that. Projects under the same sub-domain _should_ have access to `BrowserStorage`, meaning that those utilizing code from this project may do so within multiple projects under the same GitHub account or or organization name and access client settings with client-side JavaScript; all in all allowing for theming and other configurations to be seamlessly consistent across an organization or account sub-domain without any server-side data bases or scripting.


## Privacy


Cookies are only used if a browser does not have `localStorage` available, because it is the intention of this project to be accessible on _most_ devices while preferably using storage options that do not easily _leak_ client preferences. In most cases this means hosting static content generally does not require client data to be stored on a server thus each client becomes the owner of their own data.


When cookies are used, `key` `value` pares are set within browser storage with the `path=/` parameter to mitigate risks of other sites reading client stored data. Unfortunately most browsers by default will send cookies on **every** request to a matching sub-domain, meaning that interception and/or logging _could_ be taking place by server administrators. Site administrators are encouraged to set _`cookie-free`_ to notify browsers to stop this behavior on servers that only serve static content similar to GitHub Pages.


When `localStorage` is available **no** data is sent back to the server by default. For static sites, such as those hosted by GitHub Pages, this means that no data about client preferences are stored anywhere other than on the respective browser. By default the code of this project does **not** send any data anywhere otherwise, and generally project authors using code from this project do **not** have server-side access to any data stored by the `BrowserStorage` class.


That all stated it is possible that browser stored data could be transmitted by another script to third parties, so those utilizing code from this project are encouraged to **not** store anything of a sensitive and/or private nature.


## License


```
Browser Storage documentation on a submodule for Git tracked web sites
Copyright (C) 2019  S0AndS0

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as published
by the Free Software Foundation; version 3 of the License.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU Affero General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
```



[help_fork]: https://help.github.com/en/articles/fork-a-repo
[help_pull_request]: https://help.github.com/en/articles/about-pull-requests
[help_github_pages__submodules]: https://help.github.com/en/articles/using-submodules-with-pages

[git_book__submodules]: https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Tools-Submodules
[git_book__hooks]: https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Customizing-Git-Git-Hooks


[relative_link__issues]: issues
[relative_link__members]: network/members
[relative_link__browser_storage]: BrowserStorage.js

[branch__gh-pages]: https://github.com/javascript-utilities/browser-storage/tree/gh-pages

[live_demo]: https://javascript-utilities.github.io/browser-storage/index.html


[badge__issues]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/javascript-utilities/browser-storage.svg
[badge__contributors]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/javascript-utilities/browser-storage.svg?color=005571&label=Contributors


[organization_defaults__support]: https://github.com/javascript-utilities/.github/blob/master/README.md#support
